Feat/dont close when programming (#449)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-programmer: Changelog.md

## 4.2.1 - UNRELEASED

### Added

> -   Warning that closing the app while programming may lead to unwanted
>     consequences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Warning about closing the app while programming, which may lead to unwanted
    consequences.
```
